HUH?
ZANE?
HELLO?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING OUT HERE?
NOTHING.
I JUST FELT LIKE
BEING ALONE.
YOU KNOW, I THOUGH
ONCE YOUR BROTHER
ENROLLED HERE,
YOU'D FEEL LIKE
THAT LESS...
NOT MORE.
WELL, MAYBE
THAT'S BECAUSE
MY BROTHER
SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
HUT, HUT, HUT,
HUT, HUT, HUT.
OH, AREN'T YOU KIDS
GETTING A LITTLE OLD
TO BE PLAYING WAR?
COME ON, YOU GUYS,
HOW ABOUT A NICE QUIET
GAME OF CHARADES?
HUH?!
HUT, HUT,
HUT, HUT, HUT...
OH, NO!
IT'S THE DISCIPLINARY
ACTION SQUAD!
THEY ONLY SHOW
WHEN A STUDENT'S
IN SERIOUS TROUBLE.
AND THEY'RE HEADED
TOWARDS JADEN'S!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[SNORING]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Woman: OPEN UP!
OPEN THIS DOOR
RIGHT NOW
OR WE'LL BUST IT DOWN!
HUH?
OH?
IS THAT SO?
YOU AND WHAT ARMY?
Woman:
THE DISCIPLINARY
ACTION SQUAD ARMY!
DISCIPLINARY
ACTION SQUAD?!
YOU MUST BE JADEN.
AND THAT MUST BE SYRUS.
[GASPS]
YOU'RE BOTH UNDER
CAMPUS ARREST.
HUH?
WHAT'D WE DO?
THAT WILL BE MADE
MORE THAN APPARENT
AT
THE INTERROGATION.
[GASPS]
Jaden and Sy: WHAT?!
SUSPENDED?!
THAT'S WHAT
I SUGGEST.
YOU TRESPASSED INTO
THE ABANDONED DORM.
AN ANONYMOUS LETTER
FROM ONE OF OUR
FACULTY MEMBERS
CONFIRMS IT.
YOU MUST BE PUNISHED
SO AN EXAMPLE IS SET
FOR ALL
THE STUDENTS.
BUT WHAT KIND EXAMPLE
ARE WE SETTING--
THAT WE ARE A BUNCH OF
HARD-HEARTED TYRANTS?
I SAY WE ARRANGE
SOMETHING MORE SPORTING.
SPORTING?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
BY THAT?
WELL, JADEN...
OFF THE TOP OF MY HEAD,
HOW ABOUT...
YOU PARTNER UP WITH
SYRUS IN A TAG-DUEL!
WIN AND YOU'RE CLEARED--
LOSE AND YOU'RE
EXPELLED.
A TAG-DUEL?
THAT SOUNDS SWEET!
B-BUT, JADEN,
HE SAID EXPELLED!
CHANCELLOR?
I BELIEVE THEY HAVE
ACCEPTED THE CONDITIONS.
FINE, THEN I'LL ARRANGE
SOME OPPONENTS--
OH, NOW, CHANCELLOR!
DON'T YOU FRET
ABOUT THAT--
I'LL TAKE CARE OF
ALL THE PARTICULARS
FOR THE EVENT!
YOU WANTED TO
SEE ME, CHUMLEY?
YEAH, I JUST WANTED TO
TELL YOU THAT...THAT...
I WAS AT THE ABANDONED
DORM, TOO.
AND THAT...
I SHOULD BE THE ONE
TO DUEL WITH JADEN!
Alexis: NO,
IT SHOULD BE ME.
HUH?!
LISTEN, THEY WERE AT
THE DORM HELPING ME.
Chumley: DUH!
THAT'S BOGUS.
ALEXIS, IT WAS SO
TOTALLY MY FAULT!
I LED THEM TO
THE ABANDONED DORM
'CAUSE I WANTED TO
CHECK OUT ITS, UH...
ABANDONED CAFETERIA.
FAT CHANCE, CHUMLEY.
PLEASE, CHANCELLOR--
JUST LET ME BE
HIS PARTNER.
HMM.
LOOK, I REALIZE
THE STAKES ARE HIGH...
BUT THE TEAM-UP
HAS BEEN SET!
SYRUS IS JADEN'S PARTNER,
AND I'M SURE THAT
HE'LL DO FINE!
[GROAN]
[GASPS]
SO, DID HE SAY YES?
OH, PLEASE TELL ME
THAT HE SAID YES!
IF I'M JADEN'S
PARTNER,
I'LL GET US
BOTH EXPELLED!
[WHIMPERS]
I TRIED, SYRUS!
I EVEN LIED AND TOLD
THE CHANCELLOR
I WAS THE ONE WHO LED
YOU INTO THE DORM.
HA HA!
WELL, YOU DID LEAD US
INTO ITS CAFETERIA.
HEY, WHY AREN'T
YOU WORRIED, JADEN?
AREN'T YOU AFRAID
THAT I'M GOING TO
GET US KICKED OUT?
NAH.
I WOULDN'T WANT
ANY OTHER PARTNER!
WHAT, ARE YOU NUTS?
LOOK, SYRUS, WE'RE
GONNA GO IN THERE,
DUEL OUR BEST,
AND WIN THE MATCH.
KNOW WHY?
HMM?
'CAUSE YOU AND I
ARE GONNA WORK OUT
ALL OUR KINKS RIGHT NOW!
NOW, GO AND GRAB
YOU DECK, BUDDY,
'CAUSE WE'RE GONNA DUEL!
HUH?
ALL RIGHT,
YOU GUYS.
REMEMBER, THIS
IS JUST PRACTICE
FOR YOUR UPCOMING
TAG-TEAM MATCH,
SO GO EASY!
[WHIMPERS]
HA HA!
OF COURSE,
I'M NOT SURE
IF JADEN KNOWS
HOW TO GO EASY.
Alexis:
THAT'S PROBABLY
A GOOD THING.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
IT MEANS, I KNOW
DR. CROWLER,
AND HE'S NOT GOING
TO BE MATCHING THEM UP
WITH ANY PUSHOVERS.
BOTH SYRUS AND JADEN
ARE GOING TO NEED TO BE
AT THEIR VERY BEST,
BECAUSE IF
THEY'RE NOT...
THEY'LL BOTH
BE EXPELLED.
ALL RIGHT, SYRUS!
GET YOUR GAME ON, BUDDY!
AND LET'S HAVE
SOME FUN!
SURE, FUN.
I GUESS WE MIGHT AS
WELL SQUEEZE SOME IN
BEFORE WE GET KICKED
OUT OF HERE.
UH, WHAT WAS THAT?
OH, UH, NOTHING...
THEN LET'S DUEL!
YEAH, YEAH,
LET'S DUEL.
HERE I COME, SYRUS!
SWEET!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO AVIAN!
ATTACK MODE!
AND I'LL ALSO THROW
DOWN A FACE-DOWN!
YOUR GO!
ALL RIGHT...
LET'S SEE...
[THINKING] OOH!
MY PATROID'S ATTACK
CAN BEAT JADEN'S AVIAN!
HEY, WHAT'S THAT
SMILE ABOUT?
YOU GOT
SOMETHING?!
[GASPS]
WELL, UM...
YEAH, I THINK SO!
PATROID, ATTACK MODE!
GO!
SIREN SMASHER!
[SIREN WAILS]
NOT SO FAST!
I GOT A TRAP!
NEGATE ATTACK!
[TIRES SKIDDING]
AW, MAN!
I SHOULD'VE GUESSED THAT
YOUR FACEDOWN WAS A TRAP!
DUH!
SY WALKED RIGHT
INTO THAT ONE.
[MEOW]
HUH?!
[PURRING]
THIS ISN'T
A GOOD SIGN.
THERE'S NO WAY
THEY'LL STAND
A CHANCE
IN THE TAG MATCH
IF SYRUS PLAYS
LIKE THIS.
[HUMMING]
OH, BOY.
DON'T YOU
THINK THAT DIRT
IS JUST
THE COOLEST, JADEN?
SY, DON'T CRACK UP YET.
YOU JUST MADE ONE
MISTAKE, THAT'S ALL.
YEAH, COMING
TO THIS SCHOOL!
NO, SY.
YOU JUST FORGOT TO USE
PATROID'S SPECIAL
POWER IS ALL!
HE LET'S YOU CHECK OUT
ONE OF YOUR OPPONENT'S
FACEDOWN CARDS
ONCE PER TURN--
YOU COULD HAVE
SEEN MY TRAP.
YEAH!
I KNOW,
I'M NO GOOD.
I DON'T BELONG HERE...
WHOA, SLOW DOWN THERE!
I DIDN'T MEAN
ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
[GASPS]
I...I KNOW YOU DIDN'T, JADEN.
I KNOW YOU WERE
JUST TRYING TO HELP,
IT'S JUST THAT--
NO, LOOK.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I SHOULDN'T
BUTT IN.
WE'RE OPPONENTS
RIGHT NOW!
AND FROM HERE ON OUT,
WE OUGHT TO ACT LIKE IT!
GAME ON!
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT...
SYRUS IS IN FOR A SHOCK!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW...
I'LL HAVE MY SPARKMAN
ATTACK PATROID!
[GROWLS]
[GRUNTING]
AND NOW, AVIAN,
ATTACK SY!
WING STORM STRIKE!
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMING]
LAST, I'LL THROW
DOWN A FACEDOWN.
AND THAT'S IT.
CAN I CRACK UP NOW?
I JUST GOT NAILED
ON BOTH OF OUR TURNS!
I CAN'T WIN!
OF COURSE YOU
CAN WIN, SYRUS!
YOU JUST HAVE TO
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF!
[GROWLS]
Chumley:
SHE'S SO RIGHT!
DON'T GIVE UP!
I MEAN, DUH, SYRUS!
THAT'S THE FIRST
THING THEY TEACH YOU
IN FRESHMAN
DUELING CLASS!
I SHOULD KNOW!
I HAD TO
TAKE IT TWICE!
YEAH, RIGHT.
I CAN'T GIVE UP
THE MATCH SO SOON,
ESPECIALLY SINCE I'M NOT
JUST DUELING FOR MYSELF,
BUT FOR JADEN, AS WELL!
[GROWLS]
AND THE BEST THING
I CAN DO FOR HIM
RIGHT NOW WOULD BE...
TO TAKE HIM DOWN!
Alexis: COME ON, SY!
YOU CAN DO THIS!
Chumley: TOTALLY!
WE BELIEVE IN YOU!
YOU JUST GOTTA
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF!
DUH!
[CHUCKLES]
YOU KNOW, CHUMLEY,
YOU'RE PRETTY GOOD WITH
WORDS OF ENCOURAGEMENT.
HUH?!
YEAH, WELL, I GOT
ALL KINDS OF BOOKS
ON SELF-MOTIVATION.
FOR SOME REASON, MY DAD
KEEPS GETTING THEM FOR ME.
YEAH, I WONDER WHY.
ANYWAY, AT LEAST
SYRUS IS PLAYING
IN THE DUEL NOW RATHER
THAN THE DIRT--
NICE JOB.
WHY, THANK YOU!
NO PROBLEM.
NOW, THE QUESTION IS:
HOW WILL HE PLAY?
ALL RIGHT!
HMM.
[THINKING]
I DON'T HAVE A MONSTER
THAT CAN TAKE ON
JADEN RIGHT NOW,
SO I'LL HAVE TO USE
A DIFFERENT STRATEGY...
I'M THROWING DOWN
THE SPELL CARD
POT OF GREED!
[CHUCKLING]
AND NOW I'LL USE ITS
MAGICAL CHARM...
AND THEN DRAW TWO
ADDITIONAL CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
HUH?!
POWER BOND!
[THINKING]
JUDGING BY SYRUS' FACE,
HE MUST'VE JUST
DRAWN A SWEET CARD!
POWER BOND'S LIKE
POLYMERIZATION,
BUT BETTER!
WHATEVER MACHINE-TYPE
FUSION MONSTER I SUMMON,
ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED!
BUT, OH WELL...
I'M NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO
PLAY A CARD THIS STRONG,
AT LEAST, ACCORDING
TO MY BROTHER.
Sy, narrating:
I'LL NEVER FORGET THAT DAY.
IT WAS BACK IN GRADE SCHOOL,
AND I WAS DUELING
THIS REALLY MEAN BULLY.
IT WAS MY BIG CHANCE
TO STAND UP TO HIM--
TO SHOW HIM I COULDN'T
BE PUSHED AROUND!
[CHUCKLES]
ALL RIGHT,
YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
[GASPS]
[THINKING]
AWESOME!
POWER BOND!
THE CARD MY BROTHER
GAVE ME!
I'LL WIN FOR SURE NOW!
QUIT YOUR STALLING,
YOU LITTLE PIPSQUEAK.
YOU KNOW YOU'RE
GONNA LOSE...
SO LET'S JUST
GET IT OVER WITH.
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT
YOU THINK,
BUT YOU'RE WRONG!
THIS DUEL'S MINE!
YEAH, RIGHT!
THE ONLY THING THAT'S
GONNA BE YOURS
IS A SEVERE
BUTT-KICKING!
[LAUGHS]
SORRY...
BUT I'M DONE
BEING SCARED
OF ALL YOUR
NASTY THREATS!
[GROWLS]
DO YOU HEAR THAT?
I'M NOT AFRAID
OF YOU ANYMORE!
KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE I'M
GONNA BE THE ONE
WHO TAKES YOU DOWN!
Boy: STOP!
HUH?! WHOA! WHOA!
HEY, WHO SAID THAT?!
[GASPS]
Syrus: ZANE?!
THIS DUEL
NEVER HAPPENED.
GOT IT?
JUST TAKE THIS
AND WALK AWAY.
NICE CARD.
YOU GOT YOURSELF
A DEAL.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING, ZANE?
I WAS ABOUT TO
WIN THIS DUEL
WITH THE CARD
YOU GAVE ME!
NO, SYRUS.
YOU WEREN'T.
HUH?
AND I WOULD HAVE NEVER
GIVEN YOU THAT CARD
HAD I KNOWN THAT YOU
WOULD MISPLAY IT
LIKE YOU WERE ABOUT TO.
MISPLAY?
I WAS NOT!
YOU WERE.
THIS WAS
THE FACEDOWN CARD
THAT YOUR OPPONENT HAD
OUT ON THE FIELD, SYRUS.
SPELLBINDING CIRCLE?!
THAT'S RIGHT, A VERY
POWERFUL TRAP CARD,
AND WHEN IT'S SPRUNG,
THE MONSTER
THAT IT ENSNARES
CAN NEITHER ATTACK NOR
CHANGE ITS BATTLE MODE.
[WHIMPERS]
SO, YOU WOULD
HAVE SUMMONED
YOUR FUSION MONSTER
WITH POWER BOND,
AND ITS ATTACK POINTS
WOULD HAVE DOUBLED...
BUT THEN
SPELLBINDING CIRCLE
WOULD HAVE PREVENTED YOU
FROM ATTACKING WITH HIM,
AND THEN YOU WOULD
HAVE BEEN LEFT
TAKING A HIT TO
YOU LIFE POINTS
AT THE END
OF YOUR TURN
FOR HAVING
USED POWER BOND.
[GROANS]
YOU WEREN'T
THINKING, SYRUS.
YOU DIDN'T TAKE INTO
ACCOUNT THE FACEDOWN CARD,
AND YOU DIDN'T TAKE INTO
ACCOUNT POWER BOND'S
ADVERSE SPECIAL EFFECT.
SURE, YOU MAY KNOW
HOW TO USE THE CARD.
BUT THERE'S MORE TO DUELING
THAN SIMPLY THAT.
[WHIMPERING]
[THINKING]
JUST HOLDING
THIS CARD AGAIN
GIVES ME THE CHILLS...
AND WHAT'D HE MEAN
THAT KNOWING HOW TO
USE IT WASN'T ENOUGH?
OH!
[THINKING]
SYRUS SURE IS STRUGGLING
WITH HIS MOVE...
HEY! YOU ALL RIGHT
THERE, SY?!
HUH?!
[SHUDDERS]
I'M GONNA TO PLAY
THIS SPELL CARD!
POLYMERIZATION!
AND I'LL USE IT
TO FUSE TOGETHER
THE GYROID
AND STEAMROID
THAT I HAVE IN MY
HAND TO CREATE...
THE STEAM GYROID!
[TOOT, TOOT]
ALL RIGHT,
STEAM GYROID,
IT'S TIME TO
GO LOCO-MOTIVE!
ATTACK!
TRAIN TWISTER!
[TOOT, TOOT]
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMS]
ALL RIGHT!
GOTCHA!
HAD ENOUGH PRACTICE?
[LAUGHTER]
HUH?!
[LAUGHING]
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT,
HAVE I HAD ENOUGH?!
SY, YOU KNOW
THE OLD SAYING!
NO PAIN, NO GAIN.
AND WITH WHAT
I HAVE PLANNED...
YOU STAND TO
GAIN A LOT!
ALL RIGHT, SYRUS,
YOU MAY BE ONE
OF MY BEST PALS...
BUT NOW WE'RE RIVALS!
AND...
I GOT THE CARDS TO
TREAT YOU LIKE ONE!
BRACE YOURSELF!
NOW...
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD POLYMERIZATION!
ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN
AND ELEMENTAL HERO
CLAYMAN, UNITE!
AND HERE HE COMES!
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
HUH?
THAT CAT'S GOT
THE RIGHT IDEA.
OH, PLEASE.
IT'S JUST ANOTHER
MONSTER, ALEXIS.
NO, IT'S NOT,
CHUMLEY.
THUNDER GIANT CAN
DESTROY ONE MONSTER
ON THE TURN
HE'S SUMMONED
IF THAT MONSTER'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
ARE LESS THAN HIS OWN.
REALLY?!
GUESS PRACTICE MAY BE
GETTING OUT EARLY
FOR SYRUS, THEN.
[WHIMPERS]
[ROARS]
OK, THUNDER GIANT,
TAKE OUT STEAM GYROID!
[TOOT, TOOT]
[WHISTLES]
[GRUNTS]
OH, MAN!
THAT LEAVES ME
DEFENSELESS!
YEAH, IT DOES.
BUT I'M NOT
DONE YET!
BURSTINATRIX,
I SUMMON YOU
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW COMES THE DOUBLE
TAP ATTACK!
THUNDER GIANT
VOLTIC THUNDER!
[GROANS]
[SCREAMS]
[BOTH GASP]
[GROANING]
NOW, BURSTINATRIX,
ATTACK!
FLARE STORM!
[GRUNTING]
AND THAT WOULD BE GAME!
THAT WAS A GOOD
DUEL THERE, SYRUS!
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT.
I DIDN'T PUT UP TOO MUCH
OF A FIGHT, JADEN.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
SURE, I WAS ABLE TO
PULL IT OUT AT THE END,
BUT YOU MADE SOME
SWEET MOVES--
YOU OUGHT TO BE PROUD.
YEAH...
ALTHOUGH, I GOTTA ADMIT,
I'M CURIOUS
ABOUT SOMETHING...
WHAT WAS THAT ONE CARD
YOU DREW BUT DIDN'T PLAY?
YOU LOOKED SO EXCITED...
OH!
POWER BOND?!
WHY DIDN'T
YOU USE IT?!
YOU'D HAVE DOUBLED
STEAM GYROID'S
ATTACK POINTS!
YOU'D HAVE HAD
ONE TOUGH MONSTER--
YOU KNOW,
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
FOR MY SAKE, I'M GLAD
YOU DIDN'T USE IT!
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
MY BRO SAYS I'M NOT
GOOD ENOUGH TO USE IT.
AND I'LL PROBABLY
NEVER BE!
AND IT'S CLEAR YOU'LL
NEVER BE ABLE TO WIN
THE TAG TEAM DUEL
IF I'M YOUR PARTNER!
OH!
SY, WAIT!
SY!
HMM.
I GUESS PRACTICE
DOESN'T ALWAYS
MAKE FOR PERFECT,
HUH, JADEN?
AT LEAST, NOT WHEN IT'S
WITH SYRUS, IT SEEMS.
I DON'T GET IT--
HE'S SUCH COOL GUY!
I WISH HE COULD JUST
SEE WHAT I SEE--
THAT THE ONLY
THING HOLDING HIM
BACK IS HIMSELF!
I MEAN, HE HAD
THIS PRIMO CARD
ALL SET TO PLAY...
BUT HE DOESN'T
USE IT, AND WHY?
'CAUSE SOME BROTHER
OF HIS SAID NOT TO!
[GASPS]
WHAT IS IT, ALEXIS?
AM I MISSING
SOMETHING HERE?
YEAH...
THAT "BROTHER OF HIS"
GOES TO THIS SCHOOL.
AND YOU'VE PROBABLY
HEARD OF HIM, TOO.
HMM?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
HELLO?
THIRD YEAR OBELISK BLUE
AND NUMBER ONE DUELIST
AT THE ACADEMY?
HE'S THE BIG MAN
ON CAMPUS.
ZANE!
AND HE REALLY IS AS GOOD
AS HIS REPUTATION.
YEAH?
WELL, I'LL
TELL YOU, ALEXIS,
IT DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE HE'S VERY GOOD
TO HIS LITTLE
BROTHER.
MAN.
I WONDER WHAT HAPPENED
BETWEEN THEM...
HMM.
JADEN...
DON'T PRY.
OH, I WON'T PRY!
I'LL DUEL THIS GUY
TO FIND OUT WHAT'S UP!
UH, JADEN, YOU'RE
NOT LISTENING.
NOBODY MESSES
WITH ZANE!
THEY DO WHEN THEY'RE
TAG-TEAM PARTNER
IS NOT DUELING UP TO
SNUFF 'CAUSE OF HIM.
BESIDES, I WANT TO SEE
HOW I STACK UP!
HMM!
[THINKING]
WELL, IF HE'S NOT GOING
TO LISTEN TO ME...
YOU GO GET HIM, JADEN.
ALL RIGHT!
LOOK OUT, ZANE!
I'M COMING FOR YOU!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪